Followed your name into the
wild. Showed you my
shame, ran a mile.
I sing your lullabies, melodies
like a symphony. We want the
same inside a fight.
I just need a little mercy, mercy on
me. Mercy on me. I could use a little
mercy,
mercy on me. Mercy on me. I
drank your holy water, liberty, your
make-believes. I could use a little
mercy, mercy on me. Mercy on me.
I played the game, I
reconciled. Well, well, well, well. I
wear the blame like a suit and
tie. I sing your
lullabies, your melodies like a
symphony. We fall the
same when we walk the wire.
I just need a little mercy, mercy on me.
Mercy on
me. I just need a little
mercy, mercy on me. Mercy on
me. I drank your holy water,
liberty, your make-believes. I could
use a little mercy, mercy on
me. Oh.
Yeah. Have a little
mercy on me. Oh,
yeah. I keep
growing and you keep tearing me down.
Oh. I keep growing and you keep
tearing me down. I just need a little
mercy, mercy on me.
Mercy on me. I just need a little mercy,
mercy on me.
Mercy on me.
I drank your holy water,
liberty, your make-believes. I could
use a little mercy, mercy on
me.